My personal website should just be a lambda function that compiles static files and pushes them to an S3 bucket fronted by cloudfront. Nothing fancy. The satellite photo pipeline will be part of the website build, no need for caching, won’t be that expensive. And now nothing is public, but I just need some way to update my location. Maybe with S3 and a small custom app on my phone that pings my location. And the satellite image will be a large region, but I’ll calculate the offset to put my exact location in the center of the image, still with my move the mouse swing effect. Vite works well here, the satellite image pipeline is just a rollup module. No need for go, fast static files. Who needs a DB when you’re not a software engineer. PWA as an iOS app for the location tracking. I can click a button to have it update the web page. Will RPC some lambda function, update my location in S3, then rebuild the site. I think the centering image function needs to be calculated ahead of time, and statically in the page. Shouldn’t wait for javascript to load to avoid an initial big swing once the callback finishes and the center of the image is dragged to the mouse. Should use a gravity effect, the mouse has gravity that attracts the center. Would be much smoother than what I do now. and have momentum preserved when mouse moves off screen, except add some friction so it stops eventually, and edge detection so we can’t go past the boundaries of the photo. Should be a AWS Lambda Docker Image. The satellite image shouldn’t be a CSS background image. It needs to be linked properly so I can right click and say open image in new tab. Should be Rollup plugin that uses dot.js to template html pages.

Could be a good html plugin to emulate https://github.com/vbenjs/vite-plugin-html/blob/main/packages/core/src/htmlPlugin.ts to figure out which vite hook to plug into. 